fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/loveland.md

title: Loveland
images:
  - src: inchy-patch_0.png
    alt: Cute fuzzy green character with large black eyes and red heart on chest; Loveland mascot design
  - src: plymouth_0.png

>     alt: Colorful pixel art style map visualization showing many colored squares and rectangles in blue, pink, green, purple, orange, and yellow with large green grid area in center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Colorful pixel art style map visualization showing multicolor abstract squares with large green grid area in center
```
